Document that the spec uses RFC 2119 (#1928)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/_index.md

objects that need to be reliably and persistently pushed from A to B in
an interoperable and federated manner.

> ### Bindingness of requirements
> 
> As a standards document, the Matrix Spec needs to signify the bindingness of the
> individual features, APIs, procedures, or other requirements it describes.

Reviewer: "Bindingness" is rather an awkward word!

Can we just say something like:

```suggestion
### Use of RFC2119 keywords
```

... and omit the first paragraph, which I don't think adds much value?

Author: I tried to be more generic and may have ended up with a mangled Germenglish version. How do you think about something slightly more general and introductory than jumping straight to RFC 2119 in the title?

```suggestion
### Requirement levels
```

---

I'm slightly confused by the spelling in your proposal: Is it correct that contrary to MSCs, RFCs use a space before the number? RFC 2119 does where it references itself.

Reviewer: > I'm slightly confused by the spelling in your proposal: Is it correct that contrary to MSCs, RFCs use a space before the number?

No, that's just me being a crank. The space is correct.

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD",
"SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" across all parts of the
specification are to be interpreted as described in
[RFC 2119](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119).

Some entire sections of the specification might be optional depending on the

> circumstances, for example the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
circumstances. For example, the
```

[modules of the client-server API](/client-server-api/#modules) apply depending

> on the use case. The bindingness of the above key words appearing in such a
> section is only relevant if the section itself is applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the use case. The requirement level expressed by the above key words appearing in such a
section is only relevant if the section itself is applicable.
```
